- [Instructor] Let's look at few other concepts
in the gRPC framework.
The first one is metadata.
Metadata is the information about a particular RPC call.
For example, authentication details
where you have auto tokens exchanged
between the client and the server.
Metadata could have many names, depending
on what point it is exchanged
between the client and the server.
For example, when the client sends out a request
it will send out request metadata.
When the request reaches the server site,
the server will send out initial metadata if there is any.
And when the server finally readies the response,
it'll send the response back to the client
along with the trailing metadata.
Metadata is information which is usually
in the form of key and value pairs.
The keys are strengths and the values could be strengths
but they could even be binary data.
Now, how you get access to the metadata will depend
on the language that you're trying to use
while implementing the gRPC service.
Channel on the other hand,
signifies the connection end point to the server
which is an HTTP two connection.
Behind the scenes, an HTTP two connection is established
with the server and this channel will then remain open
so that the client can make subsequent remote calls
to the server site.
A gRPC channel provides a connection to a gRPC server
on a specified host and abort.
Channels have states.
For example, a channel could be connected
or it could be idle.
And you have a host of arguments
that you can define on the channel
in order to alter the default behavior of gRPC.
Again, how you try to deal
with the channel will be dependent on the language.
Some languages allow you to query the state
of the journal as well.